docs: Update links in documentation and fix spelling mistakes (#3238)
timber/timber: docs/v2/guides/custom-integrations.md

The new Integrations API (available from Timber 2.0) provides a generalized way to integrate with third-party plugins.

> It's how, for example, the built-in [Advanced Custom Fields](/docs/v2/integrations/advanced-custom-fields/) integration is implemented: There is nothing in the Timber core (i.e. `Timber\Timber`) that "knows" about ACF. All the convenient `meta` mapping and stuff gets hooked in by a [single class](https://github.com/timber/timber/blob/2.x/src/Integration/AcfIntegration.php) (`Timber\Integration\AcfIntegration`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It’s how, for example, the built-in [Advanced Custom Fields](/docs/v2/integrations/advanced-custom-fields/) integration is implemented: There is nothing in the Timber core (i.e. `Timber\Timber`) that "knows" about ACF. All the convenient `meta` mapping and stuff gets hooked in by a [single class](https://github.com/timber/timber/blob/2.x/src/Integration/AcfIntegration.php) (`Timber\Integration\AcfIntegration`).
```
